README.md, before:

# Propnet

Propnet is a knowledge graph for materials science. Given a set of *properties* about a given material, it can try to derive additional properties of that material using *models*. It is intended to integrate closely with the [Materials Project](http://materialsproject.org) and its large database of materials properties. However, it is designed to be agnostic to the data source, with support for other open-source databases planned.

Propnet can also be used as a library, each model can be imported and used directly in your own code, giving you tested, unit-aware implementations of common materials science models.

See [propnet.lbl.gov](https://propnet.lbl.gov) for a web app based on the package.

For usage information, it is currently best to view our example Binder notebook, linked below. We do have a documentation website under construction at [propnet.readthedocs.io](https://propnet.readthedocs.io).

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/0803e3ca599a4250bb3ec2bb16b4b911)](https://www.codacy.com/app/mkhorton/propnet?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=materialsintelligence/propnet&utm_campaign=badger) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/propnet/badge/?version=latest)](https://propnet.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/materialsintelligence/propnet.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/materialsintelligence/propnet) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/materialsintelligence/propnet/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/materialsintelligence/propnet?branch=master) [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/materialsintelligence/propnet/master?filepath=demo%2FGetting%20Started.ipynb)

**This is not ready for public use yet, please wait for a formal release announcement/publication! Thank you.** Any questions should be directed to the project lead @computron or, in the case of code, to the individual project contributors.

# Acknowledgements

Hat tip to @jdagdelen for the Propnet name. This project is funded by [Toyota Research Institute](https://tri.global/research).

Commit message:

Post warning about website downtime

README.md, after:

# WEBSITE DOWNTIME
_Updated October 9, 2019 12:18 PM PDT_

For anyone who may be concerned, the propnet website at [propnet.lbl.gov](https://propnet.lbl.gov) is currently down because of an emergency power outage at the server location for local wildfire control operations initiated by the local electric utility. The website will return when power has been restored and the servers are running again, which may be in the next 1-4 days.

# Propnet

Propnet is a knowledge graph for materials science. Given a set of *properties* about a given material, it can try to derive additional properties of that material using *models*. It is intended to integrate closely with the [Materials Project](http://materialsproject.org) and its large database of materials properties. However, it is designed to be agnostic to the data source, with support for other open-source databases planned.

Propnet can also be used as a library, each model can be imported and used directly in your own code, giving you tested, unit-aware implementations of common materials science models.

See [propnet.lbl.gov](https://propnet.lbl.gov) for a web app based on the package.

For usage information, it is currently best to view our example Binder notebook, linked below. We do have a documentation website under construction at [propnet.readthedocs.io](https://propnet.readthedocs.io).

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/0803e3ca599a4250bb3ec2bb16b4b911)](https://www.codacy.com/app/mkhorton/propnet?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=materialsintelligence/propnet&utm_campaign=badger) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/propnet/badge/?version=latest)](https://propnet.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/materialsintelligence/propnet.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/materialsintelligence/propnet) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/materialsintelligence/propnet/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/materialsintelligence/propnet?branch=master) [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/materialsintelligence/propnet/master?filepath=demo%2FGetting%20Started.ipynb)

**This is not ready for public use yet, please wait for a formal release announcement/publication! Thank you.** Any questions should be directed to the project lead @computron or, in the case of code, to the individual project contributors.

# Acknowledgements

Hat tip to @jdagdelen for the Propnet name. This project is funded by [Toyota Research Institute](https://tri.global/research).
